# implment_docker
Docker ======================================
I am currntly on several things ----> If the installation of my environment can be over quickly enough, I am going to:
-set Docker (or "install" Docker or I don;t know how they say what to do with Dockeron the nm-build doc.
-actually build NM, the ..... Zimbra
-see howI am actually able to get webpages of Zimbra mailbox
-I should get a "website tree" soon...

My hacking project is built on two main points:
- My first point is that I thnk that "hacking this website has no more sense than hacking another website". Another way I like to put it is that hacking in a particular order the website does not add more sense to the whole work. SO the way I achieve hacking would make much more sense than it seems if I did not tell you more about it. This is to say - I am no come from t trying to value my hacking project in one way or an other way at its very beginning. What I am trying to say or ask myself is at what moment does the act of hacking takes place. I have troubles becauseof that, because I cannot present any serious hacking project.

- My second point is that my hacking project does not come from any sortof any external constraint, and should not be seen this way. I would like hacking to be seen as my sole purpose, such as the hacking for hacking type of hacking, at the same time as  hardly define it without choosing my target. The fact that without an end, there are no means, does not contradict the fact that the end could be the hacking itself. "I need to find something to hack and I will go well" could be my mindset, and there could be nothing to be added o that. Hacking ain;t not be forbidden when its sole purpose was to hack because the hacker did not say who could was going to take advantage of the amount of things that happened because of that. To hack I call myself a hacker, the rest of the time I plunge into the code wondering what's next.The secret of hackers ain't not to be told here. If a hacker told me "don't ask me what my purpose is", I would ne curious, but that would not make me more of a hacker.The other time, I shuttered myself what;s the secret passphrase just to copy and paste it somewhere else, that did not make me more of a hacker. I think, what's common to most hackers, is that you don't tell them what's their objective, or rather, _they_ don't take your interest in your behalf, but in theirs.
This is just a first glance at what I can say of hacking. I would not interest in hacking if I didnot think of the hacker's life. The way I pu it at firt, by talking about my hacking project, should have given you the hint on the way, perhaps the righter way, to contemplate hacking. The two points into which my hacking can be broken are perhaps not to be very "serious" or super "active", although without actionm hacking ain;t not be possible. 
There are ways you could contemplate hacking like something serious, other ways in which you coudl conteplate hacking as seconadary. The uestion depends on whether hacking can be cosidered as a key, in the sense they miss a lot of things without hacking, and as an asset in life.
